fix: No default values when installing packages with 'no-interactive' mode (#19760)
SAP/spartacus: docs/libs/creating-lib.md

  - `projects/storefrontapp/tsconfig.server.json`,
  - `projects/storefrontapp/tsconfig.app.prod.json`
- add new feature lib schema.json elements in schematics folder - `feature-libs\<lib-name>\schematics\add-<lib-name>\schema.json` where the `lib-name` is the name of the new library

>   - if the library includes several features and some of them should be installed by default, add them to the `default` array (for 'no-interactive' mode) and add them `checked: true` flag (for interactive prompt), like in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - if the library includes several features and some of them should be installed by default, add them to the `default` array (for 'no-interactive' mode) and add them `checked: true` flag (for interactive prompt). Please note the `Feature1` in the following example:
```
